MARAUDER USAGE GUIDE

For those unfamiliar with the Marauder, he's a very difficult enemy. Here's a
useful guide to get the best use out of such an unusual foe.

The Marauder is a formidable enemy, moving almost as fast as the player, armed
with powerful projectile, hitscan, AND melee attacks, and even being able to use
a shield and summon support. Here's a guide to his attacks:

1. Whenever the Marauder is moving around, his shield is always prepared.
2. If the target is closer than 200 MU, he'll use his Super Shotgun against the
player. When he does this, he is vulnerable, but trying to bait SSG attacks will
probably kill you.
3. If the target is closer than 300 MU but not closer than 200, he'll use a
charge attack. This will be signified by the Marauder's eyes turning green and
an audio cue (MAREYES in the files). When he is charging, his shield will be
unprepared, therefore this is the time to strike. Be careful, however; this
attack does massive damage!
4. If the target is farther than 300 MU, he'll swing his axe to make magical axe
projectiles. He isn't vulnerable to attacks during this, so be careful!
5. If the Marauder's shield is hit, he'll take no damage. If it gets raised
three times, he'll summon a wolf to fight for him. Luckily, the wolf doesn't
have much health, but it attacks and runs fast and can do serious damage if left
unchecked.

Modders can provide a notice similar to the following to teach unprepared
players the Marauder's attack style:
	The Marauder is a powerful enemy with several attacks similar to the
	protagonist's. He carries a shield and can only be hit when vulnerable.
	Watch out for cues for the shield going down.

Here's a guide to making good use of the Marauder:
1. Never put the Marauder in a cramped space with no way for him to get to an
open one nearby. Make sure to test how it feels in the area.
2. Building on the above, don't make the area smaller to make Marauder fights
harder. Throw more enemies into the arena! Doom Eternal even had a double
Marauder fight in The Ancient Gods: Part 1, but I wouldn't try that until the
player is very comfortable with fighting them.
3. The Marauder is not an E1 boss, so don't put it against a poorly-armed
player. The best weapon to fight the Marauder with is the SUPER SHOTGUN, so
I'd strongly recommend arming the player with that if you can! If you can't for
some reason (e.g. placed in a Doom 1 mod), some other suitable weapons would be
the Chaingun, the Plasma Rifle, or any of Skulltag's weapons (but the Railgun
would probably work best). Also feel free to experiment with weapon
availablility; this is a guide, not a rulebook!

Another thing: the ORIGSOUNDS folder has the original, high-quality versions of
the sounds at a crisp 44.1KHz. The sounds in SOUNDS are sampled at 22.05KHz to
make them sound more vanilla. If you want to use the HQ sounds, just delete
SOUNDS and rename ORIGSOUNDS to SOUNDS.